#37967: Add small introduction (#167)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: using-valtimo/document/custom-case-headers.md

# Custom case headers

> This page show how a header, that is shown above every case, can be customized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page explains how a header that is shown above every case can be customised.
```

Reviewer 2: @theo-ritense I agree with the edit except customised should be customized. According to our style guide we use American spelling: https://docs.valtimo.nl/readme/style-guide

> This page explains how a header that is shown above every case can be customised.

Author: ```suggestion
This page explains how a header that is shown above every case can be customized.
```
